# dodge_Ball
Dodgeball game  Specs Checklist 20pts - Code Plan - Include this in a README.md file in your folder with comment in your code. 20pts - Can add People to Players - When clicked the people are added to the Players column and removed from the People list while getting new values of a player added to them. 20pts - Can add Players to different Teams - When we click on the blue button they Player is added to the blue team and removed from the Player list while also getting the keys color and mascot extended to them when they are moved to a team. 20pts - Uses Class - This is not a hack job. You should use class to add the new properties you need and extend when you need. 20pts - Minimum 3 Unit Tests - Use Mocha and Chai to give us at least 3 unit test that prove a person becomes a player and player becomes a teammate.  Instructions Once you understand the challenge, whiteboard the logic. Create a list of steps your app need to do. (Code Plan) Translate to psuedo code. Translate to javascript on paper Make a repo, clone, open and copy/paste the starter code below into two new files: index.html and main.js Start by working through the existing code to understand it and write comments explaining what each line does. Put your Code Plan in the README.md file or your repo Work through the follow challenges: Use the class keyword to create a template of a dodgeBallPlayer that requires canThrowBall, canDodgeBall, hasPaid, isHealthy, yearsExperience Push these new dodge ball Player objects into a new array and then display them in the DOM as available players to pick. Add a button to each new player that will allow each one to be selected for either Blue Team or Read Team and now has mascot and teamColor Use the this keyword to assign each player to a team with an onclick. Either Blue Team or Red Team. Display the two teams in a new list in the DOM with appropriate titles. Create 3 tests for your application.  Extended Practice Bonus!! Add an input at the top of the Window that allows for a user to add new people! Make a random-izer to automatically select teams for us! Add multiple teams to add players to. Change the color of the text for each color based on the color of their team! Make a button to remove Players from Teams and back to the Players list. Make a button to remove Player from the Players List and move them into the People List.
